input: Replace open-coded types with `ndk::event` definitions (#163)
rust-mobile/android-activity: android-activity/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

- input: Replaced custom types with their `ndk` crate equivalent.
  > [!NOTE]

>   > These types existed because the `ndk` crate didn't provide them in an extensible way.  Now that they have the `#[non_exhaustive]` flag and contain a `__Unknown(T)` variant to result in lossless conversions, and not to mention use an ABI type that how its used by most functions (when the original constants were defined in a "typeless" way), the `ndk` types are used and reexported once again.

Author: ```suggestion
  > These types existed because the `ndk` crate didn't provide them in an extensible way.  Now that they have the `#[non_exhaustive]` flag and contain a `__Unknown(T)` variant to result in lossless conversions, and not to mention use an ABI type that  matches how it is being used by most functions (when the original constants were defined in a "typeless" way), the `ndk` types are used and reexported once again.
```

  > [!IMPORTANT]
  > **Relevant breaking changes**:

>   > - `repr()` types for some `enum`s have changed to match the type that returned and consumed by functions interacting with this wrapper type.

Author: ```suggestion
  > - `repr()` types for some `enum`s have changed to match the type that is returned from and consumed by functions interacting with this wrapper type.
```

Author: I don't like the word `interacting` here but haven't found a concise way to say "a function that returns or uses one of these wrapper types".

Author: "referencing this wrapper type" perhaps?

Author: This seems best to me:

> - `repr()` types for some `enum`s have changed to match the ABI type that is used by most functions that are returning or consuming this wrapper type.
